always remember
the universe has a way of leading you to
where you're supposed to be at the
moment you're supposed to be there let's
do this took me 20 years to find you how
many people can say that
you are the best-kept secret in the
universe and I found you which makes be
perfect for this job
you really think a black suit it's going
to solve all your problems
no but looks damn good on you we
[Music]
recognizable only as deja vu and
dismissed just as quickly time to prove
yourself agent M we may have a problem
in London welcome to my beam you will be
with agent peach one of the best ever to
wear this suit catching up on my daily
meditation time for lunch oh thank you
hungry it's 9:30 it's Tuesday's taco day
[Music]
weeping compromised purse every citizen
of this planet at risk
[Applause]
you could all just look right here just
try
gonna be fun left fun with it
there should be a big red button around
here somewhere found it we are the men
in black
looks like a tables of 10 I was
incredible
you